====Matt and Tyler's Summer of Code 2016====

Not to be confused with Google's Summer of Code which hopefully isn't trademarked or anything, 
(Please don't sue us, Google, we are but poor starving college students who want to code for the summer
of 2016 to keep our coding chops sharp for the fall semester.  Some of us don't have consistant power,
some of us eat Ramen noodles, some of us eat the college's cafeteria display meals.  Please Don't Sue Us.)


This repository exists for Matt (https://github.com/robgraves) and Tyler (https://github.com/nullist) 
to work on a couple of brainstormed projects that we would like to work togteher on over this summer,
which may all be worked on or we may converge on a single project. 

1) Both Tyler and myself expresed an interest in coding some type of game over summer break and upon
further examination, I personally was looking to code a game in ncurses whereas Tyler has an interest in
doing in in SDL or SDL2.  I'm actually game for that as well, which might turn the ncurses game into a
solo project for myself. 

2) Also I personally have taken an interest in some of the old school telnet BBS's like syncronet and
Mystic BBS as I log into and use a couple that others have up and would like to set up my own, while not
explicitly a coding project, it is something I would like to explore and experiment with over this summer
and Tyler also seems to share my interest in it. 

3) Both Tyler and my previous collaborative effort, the manage script for the samba server won an award
at Corning Community College's Sustainability Fair and hence we both won some prize money.  We both are
thinking of pickign up new Raspberry Pis or something like that, so a project involving those could
potentially get involved with this "Summer of Code 2016."  Tyler also expresed an interest in learning 
some python which I need to freshen up on and learn in depth myself and we could do that together while
exploring how we can incorporate it into our endeavors with the Raspberry Pis or whatever we get. 

Matthew Page 05/11/2016
